# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.txt --output-file requirements.lock.txt
aenum==3.1.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   line-bot-sdk
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   line-bot-sdk
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiosmtplib==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
alembic==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   httpcore
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   outcome
    #   trio
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
black==23.9.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   trio
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click
    #   loguru
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
coverage==7.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   line-bot-sdk
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
fastapi==0.104.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   line-bot-sdk
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   playwright
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
httpcore==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
httpx==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
imapclient==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
line-bot-sdk==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
loguru==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mako
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8
mouseinfo==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyautogui
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
mysql-connector-python==8.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
orjson==3.9.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
passlib==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyscreeze
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
playwright==1.52.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   yarl
protobuf==4.21.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mysql-connector-python
psycopg2-binary==2.9.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyautogui==0.9.54
    # via -r requirements.txt
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   line-bot-sdk
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pyee==13.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   playwright
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8
pygetwindow==0.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyautogui
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pymsgbox==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyautogui
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mouseinfo
pyrect==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pygetwindow
pyscreeze==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyautogui
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   urllib3
pytest==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-asyncio==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   line-bot-sdk
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytweening==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyautogui
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
redis==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   line-bot-sdk
selenium==4.15.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   imapclient
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   trio
sqlalchemy==2.0.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
trio==0.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   black
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   multidict
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   selenium
uvicorn==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
websockets==15.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
win32-setctime==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   loguru
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   trio-websocket
yarl==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
